Key Value delimiter (#7027)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/parsing.md

### Key value or logfmt

This is the key-value core filter: `keyvalue([separatorStr[, characterWhiteList[, quotingStr[, delimiter]]]])` where:

* `separatorStr`: defines the separator between key and values. Defaults to `=`.
* `characterWhiteList`: defines extra non-escaped value chars in addition to the default `\\w.\\-_@`. Used only for non-quoted values (e.g. `key=@valueStr`).
* `quotingStr`: defines quotes, replacing the default quotes detection: `<>`, `""`, `''`. 

> * `delimiter`: defines the separator between the different key values pairs (e.g.`|`is the delimiter in `key1=value1|key2=value2`). Default to ` `, `,` and `;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delimiter`: defines the separator between the different key values pairs (e.g.`|`is the delimiter in `key1=value1|key2=value2`). Default to ` ` (normal space), `,` and `;`.
```

**Multiple QuotingString example**: When multiple quotingstring are defined, the default behavior is replaced with a defined quoting character.
The key-value always matches inputs without any quoting characters, regardless of what is specified in `quotingStr`. When quoting characters are used, the `characterWhiteList` is ignored as everything between the quoting characters is extracted.

**Log:**

  ```text
  key1:=valueStr key2:=</valueStr2> key3:="valueStr3"
  ```

**Rule:**

  ```text
  rule %{data::keyvalue(":=","","<>")}
  ```

**Result:**

  ```json
  {"key1": "valueStr", "key2": "/valueStr2"}
  ```

> **Custom delimiter example**: Define a custom delimiter if all the key values pairs are concatenated with no standard delimiter to split them. Note that defining `""` as `quotingStr` keeps the default configuration for quoting.

Reviewer 2: Why do we mention quotingStr here?

Author: As the user need to define the third parameter (quoting string) to be able to define the delimiter even if he doesn't want to change anything the the quoting string, I found it less miss-leading to explicitly explain  how deal with it as it should be a very common case.
Can remove if you think it's unnecessary, but I would prefer to keep it.

Author: removed

    "key2": "/valueStr2"
  }
  ```

> **Custom delimiter example**: If all the key values pairs are concatenated with no standard delimiter to split them, a custom delimiter can specified. Defining `""` as `quotingStr` will keep the default configuration for quoting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Custom delimiter example**: Define a custom delimiter if all the key values pairs are concatenated with no standard delimiter to split them. Note that defining `""` as `quotingStr` keeps the default configuration for quoting.
```

_example_:

> Log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Log:**
```

  ```text
  key1=value1|key2=value2|key3=value3
  ```

> Rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rule:**
```

  ```text
  rule %{data::keyvalue("=","","","|")}
  ```

> Result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:**
```
